PreLoad Meeting - 7 August 2017, 1.00pm
Lab B, Owheo Building

Members Present:
-Oliver Westenra
-Fergus Farrell
-Hugo Mc

Agenda:
-Review sig fig bug fix

Business:
-Discuss deliverable 4 + server implementation

Next Meeting:
14th August

Meeting Adjourned:
2.00pm